Add GSoD 2021 Project Ideas List (#72)
nexB/aboutcode: docs/source/gsod/gsod-2021.rst

you think is relevant:

- Personal information, i.e. Your name and contact details.

- A Project statement.

- A detailed description of your project.

- Description of your relevant skills.

- Professional information: Description of previous work, existing solutions,
  open-source projects, preferably with links.

- Proposed Timeline

- Proposed total budget

- Do you plan to have any other commitments during GSoD that may affect your work? Any
  vacations/holidays? Will you be available full time to work on your project? Please apply
  only if this is a serious full time commitment during the GSoD time frame.

Join the chat online or by IRC at https://gitter.im/aboutcode-org/gsod-season-of-docs.
Introduce yourself and start a discussion!

An excellent, competitive way to demonstrate your capability would be to submit a documentation
improvement (small changes/typos are welcome but do not demonstrate your ability to write
documentation) to an AboutCode project, especially to ScanCode Toolkit, Scancode.io.

Please select a project from the list below.

----

Create and update scancode.io user and developer guides
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * Create documentation on integrating third-party libraries in a scancode.io pipeline step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create an HowTo guide for integrating third-party libraries into a ScanCode.io Pipeline.
```

> * Add a simple tutorial example of adding a new pipeline with a third-party library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add a tutorial for adding a new Pipeline with a third-party library.
```

> * Update and extend the user guide for code analysis project creation and processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Extend the HowTo Guides to cover Software Composition Analysis workflows based on ScanCode.io.
```

> * Upgrade the scancode.io documentation on making sense of the results using the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Upgrade the scancode.io Web UI documentation.
```

* Create an introductory `video <https://opensource.com/article/21/3/video-open-source-tools>`_
  to teach how the web UI is used.

> * Create and generate pipes reference API documentation.

Reviewer 2: > Create and generate pipes reference API documentation.

Can you elaborate on this one?

Author: Sure, on it.

> * Create and generate pipes reference API documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Update and improve the existing Pipe libraries reference API documentation (which is generated from code documentation "docstrings").
```
